FreeFinder restaurant gift codes

Scope: one Starter Boost, 24 hours from activation, EUR 0, no payment and no
subscription. Individual codes are redeemable once, default to 30 days before
expiry and are bound to the supplied restaurant name. Redemption is available
in the native Business ads screens (requires the new app update) and on:
https://freefinder.at/business-promo.html

Shared evergreen code:
  npm run promos -- create --shared STARTERGRATIS --label "Native Starter Aktion"
Create it only once. Re-creating an existing code is rejected and never resets
prior redemptions. One redemption per normalized restaurant name and full
address, shared across iOS, Android and web. Code does not expire; the ad still
lasts exactly 24 hours. The shared code can be passed to selected restaurants;
it is not an authentication secret and can be forwarded by its recipients.
Without verified merchant accounts, self-declared identity cannot reliably
prevent deliberate impersonation, misspellings or changed addresses. The
server enforces atomic deduplication and rate limits, not proof of ownership.
Revoking a shared code stops new claims but preserves already-running ads.
Admin list includes the total redemption count, not restaurant contact data.

Create a code:
  npm run promos -- create --restaurant "Restaurantname" --label "Kontakt"
The response contains a private code and ready-to-share redemption link. Keep
them out of Git, screenshots, public tickets and analytics. The full code is
returned once; the server only stores a hash and the final four characters.

List status / revoke an unused code:
  npm run promos -- list
  npm run promos -- revoke --id CODE_ID

Administration requires MERCHANT_PROMO_ADMIN_SECRET. The CLI also reads the
macOS Keychain entry service=freefinder-merchant-promo-admin, account=freefinder.
No credential belongs in the repository or frontend. Never reuse store keys.

Deployment:
  npm ci
  npm test
  npm run deploy
Keep existing Worker secrets and vars. MERCHANT_PROMOS is a SQLite Durable
Object, owning both redemption and campaign creation in one transaction.
Do not remove its binding, migration or class during future deployments.
Do not roll back to a pre-promo Worker blindly after this storage migration.

Campaigns are merged with the existing paid merchant feed. Native iOS and
Android already consume its schema. Paid purchase validation remains unchanged;
the regular deals.json, subscriptions and QR destination are not changed.
Expired gift ads leave this separate campaign feed after 24 hours;
this does not change automatic-removal policy for ordinary deals.

The website keeps the request ID in session storage to retry an interrupted
submission without creating a second ad or extending its lifetime. Reusing the
same request ID with changed data is rejected. Do not change the draft after
an ambiguous network result; retry it unchanged first. If the tab was closed,
the administrator can inspect redemption status with the list command.

Slack notification uses the existing campaign notifier, without blocking ad
activation. Notification delivery is best effort, not publication approval.
No fake campaign should be redeemed in production for a smoke test. Create,
check, revoke and verify rejection instead; full redemption tests run locally.
